## Subresource Integrity

If you are loading Highlight.js via CDN you may wish to use [Subresource Integrity](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Subresource_Integrity) to guarantee that you are using a legimitate build of the library.

To do this you simply need to add the `integrity` attribute for each JavaScript file you download via CDN. These digests are used by the browser to confirm the files downloaded have not been modified.

```html
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/highlight.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-pGqTJHE/m20W4oDrfxTVzOutpMhjK3uP/0lReY0Jq/KInpuJSXUnk4WAYbciCLqT"></script>
<!-- including any other grammars you might need to load -->
<script
  src="//cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.10.0/languages/go.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI"></script>
```

The full list of digests for every file can be found below.

### Digests

```
sha384-qimhSkVWof5rfaFajQk8KAtzSRYyIArcJCMKWdDcNq34F4uplk08wmEyUiYLmO+3 /es/languages/c.js
sha384-5fESKgrRcGs7I/89bn7NKFcHyvIVcmQIG4JfCEAV5Rg5VVtskrmGkHVOIsD1642v /es/languages/c.min.js
sha384-eM9Op3b0ilZ/iW7jeVAMo//MKcEXHCbg1Vf8SMrqds5LIOeF9+3qaX//TsnbItae /es/languages/cpp.js
sha384-+tDHTmLKfBxXgVksRhLEJM4z9PfcGQ2XsrZMDcdJ1SIlPZrtAR4+m4XUX+zJf5nf /es/languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-+9dzNYaLHp3OPspFCOJGrEwfiOV3yqeD/atUDYVt9zKUJ8IW2QxffCT2LfmGfwfW /es/languages/css.js
sha384-G44u1/pUATC8754FIKYqkCxCl9AQYnspnFxzuR3RB1YVnTvqOEofqvZNQMUWcY/1 /es/languages/css.min.js
sha384-U0cmcZmeG0JVcA3HKR6r7Sio0x8FtcXR7eviBCcgniMwCc+DMiV6IQPm7bFn6BPh /es/languages/go.js
sha384-5Mzx2XTmXU2XQ0AiQg/4HA9SbBDrPySZgpsOfSfflGdzC4bIpCjWSxIP62fOIFkO /es/languages/go.min.js
sha384-ZCfS+s/zxY7O2bm2KoVJo1wUrLEpJDHZAi/LJAdJF5XjnfSWICkg6wHd2SEJGpyR /es/languages/java.js
sha384-716dHwZ7zbZcnEwTe7DLxlm5tH3Iyl8vSW5a2kYPgusEdp5k3A3jeZt0Ck+CjYE0 /es/languages/java.min.js
sha384-oQpcUGMBf+VDTHOLQ1uhPp1FgNBo0OZc9gbXGuVFwAogHlkh/Iw6cvKKgcgCQkmV /es/languages/javascript.js
sha384-3T8DJ91yCa1//uY9h8Bo4QLrgEtbz4ILN2x9kSM4QWX9/1kKu6UXC3RAbVQV85UQ /es/languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-R87hRh4kF8+iz2sB6FvLrfR0XZBohjFXeJKIXld1Eji2UVi+M2+OIgJKma/9Ko6u /es/languages/json.js
sha384-QFDPNpqtrgZCuAr70TZJFM4VCY+xNnyGKwJw2EsWIBJOVcWAns9PHcLzecyDVv+x /es/languages/json.min.js
sha384-BxojDi6ePBYN3unEc6aUEpUtUyx0Eq0i/UZPISuI2YQy6eAD5HzD0dtBC53uZ6R1 /es/languages/php.js
sha384-C28kAnknmyKQUME+2sa0tyQkFMN1S/aUSB1gQ+PKUf0+ewgxNh8CwAmd+C0UUaZ7 /es/languages/php.min.js
sha384-e+d8RFZbtc5Pmt3xfX9uuElm63v5qOj7T5hAkkFbnYc1wEk7wCLlzOsm66MCf5Uk /es/languages/python.js
sha384-CPHh+9FxkWF3OtMZdTj5oQN1Qti0p4/5XBABz/JdgssOKHmfAOFz6Gu4tsG6MQiH /es/languages/python.min.js
sha384-NtjW7lI7c0f4eQUAsyYEvuUEeZPVwqBsisjGqqXls0p3Acc2wX2ppJxBvFC7jet4 /es/languages/r.js
sha384-+SoUnimzbx9Uf3b+zsNgb58sz3J3nRHE7ftjhuB8hvcb3K8D8G0Fe3Bu4lBrA3Fj /es/languages/r.min.js
sha384-ZX3mm6sjLYWMBTMUJYzvQXYHNWVJkD+t1ppx4BysyVs6cVhvYFVuwMlVCeAwtwm9 /es/languages/sql.js
sha384-DloKeCkj/pTPHeqWu3keGoEPpZJGm44yQjSmSfpWasykAMUobM0hcYFFPsg1PE6K /es/languages/sql.min.js
sha384-Tdx2DY9ZTHx3KhVXYqOVKx3q1zOboDGlTTv8sgMlER8y4WETtqL+C4VQ7B4A0OGq /es/languages/xml.js
sha384-n9ZezaAVj8pK1BIFZQxmC1BM9yGuBNRgvsOxHMHPCXzqYd1gSYIu9KjgGEm8K57w /es/languages/xml.min.js
sha384-40MP6/ECSjYaTAIf+/ibE2FPeFPQ53WbASndXxMOcXiQtgLbGXUStZVuPSngp7OD /es/languages/yaml.js
sha384-vXmhozexi2dHQBoniIEbWI5ZqDxyVfUs96BUGpqjWL1aberSp9pyxbvK8WCNASGB /es/languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-WHdxyD51Y+ytDdcYGVkKHQOThUwwhLl/1GvZxHTHL4ImI4NS32L/B8bvB/1zN/Mk /languages/c.js
sha384-jtwnwOYA+K4zYN55fA4z4U0PTK5oEp4RcLYaXkYRKO3UUzge1o21ArmvKmTRdh/d /languages/c.min.js
sha384-M2wpTxQe2N0750xYZ0zTinwbmjsZjdtuS7twUUP2dxtHR0YqhY3JuUFyyhANf9Uy /languages/cpp.js
sha384-/yf54L01PbO6NtVs1Pu9rgfNHbKXanLdNcGVuNa0m5+KiyH+1NpZRDK6idm5VoVl /languages/cpp.min.js
sha384-h6xPJgkyvp13tIs697wZHjCH20tW1aJOrvnAKiZZiATSWZp0lyLB4bAdsEhWUSze /languages/css.js
sha384-+MO3D3y/aZzZq7QMAAA5KiuAcqBZivJHFmVUXfwdBoLxEXeGTeQGsNMll4fpnegg /languages/css.min.js
sha384-B9Y0sXbhPrwdlpzfeFn4NkyJrhYEUFUCTMrEVRu+d2/3aJ/4ZOjFPJRZFnJdaQJm /languages/go.js
sha384-Mtb4EH3R9NMDME1sPQALOYR8KGqwrXAtmc6XGxDd0XaXB23irPKsuET0JjZt5utI /languages/go.min.js
sha384-cZ2d3Mo/jmTF9r2kHWcHmA8hehxX8N44UN6LSkEhaCRe6t8e9ntd5JEuafywm0aw /languages/java.js
sha384-8mc5ynnm3AlnXn8P3ccSqVAaZIDoijPM08/Hp4DABy6GMy7EHCQFwiIUoGAaGJiO /languages/java.min.js
sha384-p/utwvqrRVOLlz0BjJ0BCGCb2liTDipfz47/QmGXz9hoPIjCKYEgmYUC30VmGgZy /languages/javascript.js
sha384-L/XmDiyusXomLRGcRmcBpPlboRFjpQNV747OJvg+sEOpgGYvUsNwcC4JLNQ2dI6O /languages/javascript.min.js
sha384-psmmPlbfEWGyvRapexDqkVTgNz7Y1xvlGdLNWQSafI4GFQYFDXPZxVXH1laU4n6l /languages/json.js
sha384-Bb6DhE3tUpBROwypL78TbhRUs9QbCt2GxcxVSYglt2l3MefrYkm4CfwjfWhRfQaX /languages/json.min.js
sha384-swGDgtGOmzrsbFAaQRjzvGs0hhe0N86mfHIuisr3W9AT0hiheGyRORSGrbMDGOw5 /languages/php.js
sha384-Xd0AQIkWCEjBL8BNMtDMGVqFXkf445J6PNUJdXbh334ckjeSa90wtSUjXySuz+rt /languages/php.min.js
sha384-WNah6F2QDUbmrNCi0fSEyKJbSb01S1ijnoiwbDnegW7dm2Cz/H1CiH1HhWlUvj01 /languages/python.js
sha384-YDj7s2Wf0QEwarV3OB8lvoNJJCH032vOLMDo2HDrYiEpQ+QmKN+e++x3hElX5S+w /languages/python.min.js
sha384-as0oqcSBkBCW8JS5FUngtpwqXH0qK8dlfpPE2IYoERAn+MRsJdlb89n/hgKYshzJ /languages/r.js
sha384-u+x0P8zfV33Hs+FIbrPIw38IUbqKyYA1yEdL911mrwtUJxaNJtMOdB2injOcZMmF /languages/r.min.js
sha384-w/OmtgUvmlKWaVatpcvuEQxP7bkJzI5gLeeQkuXjApJNiQvNmXFL2PBM5RWgKqDr /languages/sql.js
sha384-2uzCjI3OPwJce6i2hphsYs1qqTqRrDnfPXbfjZggPWy2/Lgl8gzV9Hyl0jhhoWy4 /languages/sql.min.js
sha384-QAL2h4IMgQaJUJjUy0dSWdAut7o/A272ai8qOsJ8SSm9KMxkdLgH7oGfLGft/EJ0 /languages/xml.js
sha384-CN3No+n1UZXCFYyl+ge5yAPGTNGuH23BdIsFJxntDmEYL94AmoZlNBHGSdjVSjKG /languages/xml.min.js
sha384-3KIoWvJ5JGRH35WAkzreEebY8sug+ZWeaOPS2r1KIfznEU9TtPFpxX6sIgtaiA9G /languages/yaml.js
sha384-bMkvdnz+wPu1ro0fqO3BaDWztc7RzSvw05MQFP6bhJKDcwpkrFYTfTFI9ndkP11l /languages/yaml.min.js
sha384-lr5ddbNmU4oFF7tme+sDDIVo3AdhUwxC7ur0oJ3PWnbhn2OydIwrbfZwMWltALfD /highlight.js
sha384-xJ3InGA7hBMvZhfQUg/X1BEO7hF/2M89QzUoe7M+vOuwAYh+cfaHokt5aJo/VMv6 /highlight.min.js
```

